Adds more text to the Readme.md file in order to help the user throug… (#5)
josinovmota/0-java: README.md

### How can Maven produce a dependency graph?

[Explanation](./exercises/dependency-graph.md)

## Building the project

First of all, ensure that you're currently using the [JDK 17](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase/jdk17-archive-downloads.html), [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads), and [Apache Maven](https://maven.apache.org/) installed. You can check JDK, Git and Apache Maven version by using the following commands:

```
java -version
git --version
mvn -- version
```

Now we can start building the project. The first thing in order to do that is cloning the repository:

```
git clone https://github.com/josinovmota/0-java
cd 0-java
```

After that you can use the `mvn clean install` command:

```
mvn clean install
```

## Testing

> First of all be sure that you already downloaded the project (you can use the first part of the [Building the project](#building-the-project) in order to do that) so we can start doing the **unit tests**

Reviewer: Essa linha é desnecessária, se a pessoa já chegou na parte de testes, ela claramente já possui o projeto em mãos.

Author: I've moved it to the readme but I made a link to the Build The Project Header in order to make the README.md file easier to read. I did this because I want my project to be easy to understand and navigate, even for beginners

> Now, with everything settled we can properly do the unit tests with its command:

Reviewer: Essa frase pode ser simplificada.
```suggestion
To run unit tests, run in the terminal:
```

Author: Done

```
mvn test
```

If there's any doubt about Apache Maven lifecycle, you can use the [explanation](../exercises/maven-lifecycle.md) about its phases.

> ## Executing the project
> 
> To execute the project you can simply use the following command:
> 
> Windows (PowerShell)
> ```
> mvn "exec:java" "-Dexec.args=<args separated with spaces>"
> ```
> 
> Linux (Bash)
> ```
> mvn exec:java -Dexec.args="<args separated with spaces>"
> ```

Reviewer: Já que a diferença entre rodar no Windows e no Linux é apenas as aspas em `exec:java`, você pode simplificar essas linhas dizendo isso. Exemplo: 

```suggestion
To execute the project you can simply use the following command (use `exec:java` to run if you're on Linux):

mvn "exec:java" -Dexec.args="<args separated with spaces>"
```

Author: I understand your point, but I prefer to keep the commands separated for Windows and Linux.
Even though the only difference is the quoting, having both examples helps beginners and makes the README clearer for users who aren’t familiar with command-line differences between systems. Also there are some users who just want to press the "copy" button for theirs system, so it would be better to stay separated
